R 4.0.3 timezone issue (#112)
carissalow/rapids: docs/faq.md

    ```

???+ done "Solution"
    In RAPIDS v0.1.0 we replaced `RMySQL` R package with `RMariaDB`, this error means your R virtual environment is out of date, to update it run `snakemake -j1 renv_restore`
    
## Unrecognized output timezone "America/New_York"
???+ failure "Problem"

> When running rapids with R 4.0.3 on Mac, an error associated with time zone may occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running RAPIDS with R 4.0.3 on MacOS on M1, an error associated with time zone may occur.
```

```bash
Error in C_force_tz(time, tz = tzone, roll):
   CCTZ: Unrecognized output timezone: "America/New_York"
Calls: get_timestamp_filter ... .parse_date_time -> .strptime -> force_tz -> C_force_tz
```
???+ done "Solution"

>    This is because R timezone library is not set. Please add `Sys.setenv(“TZDIR” = file.path(R.home(), “share”, “zoneinfo”))` to the file active.R in renv folder to set the timezone library. 

Reviewer: Please mention this seems to be a bug with R/lubridate and Mac OS with M1 processors and link to the Github issue where we got the solution
